blog/entry03.md, before:

# Entry 3
##### 12/5/25

## Context
<p> In order to finalize my research on construction technology, I have organized my research. In this blog, I will show how I organized my information and more.</p>

## Content
<p> Since blog 2, I have realized there has been a problem with my research. It was hard to read my information. It was messy and not very organized. So, I decided to make it more neat. I thought of a way to seperate my research into catagories. I made 3 catagories. They were construction workers, contractors and inspectors. In these catagories, I put research from part A and B that corresponded with the catagory. In construction worker, I put 3D printing and robotics since 3D printing makes parts and robotics does physical labor. In contractors, I put drones since inspectors can use drones for potential sites. Finally, in contractors I put all the part A information since all of part A was mostly useful towards contractors. </p>

[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)

Commit message:

Enhance blog entry with EDP and Skills sections
Added sections for EDP and Skills to enhance content organization.

blog/entry03.md, after:

# Entry 3
##### 12/5/25

## Context
<p> In order to finalize my research on construction technology, I have organized my research. In this blog, I will show how I organized my information and more.</p>

## Content
<p> Since blog 2, I have realized there has been a problem with my research. It was hard to read my information. It was messy and not very organized. So, I decided to make it more neat. I thought of a way to seperate my research into catagories. I made 3 catagories. They were construction workers, contractors and inspectors. In these catagories, I put research from part A and B that corresponded with the catagory. In construction worker, I put 3D printing and robotics since 3D printing makes parts and robotics does physical labor. In contractors, I put drones since inspectors can use drones for potential sites. Finally, in contractors I put all the part A information since all of part A was mostly useful towards contractors. </p>

## EDP
<p> Currently, I am done with researching and brainstorming. I am now on the step of planning the most promising solution. To do this, I wil start looking at my research and maybe put it on a webpage.</p>

## Skills
Skills I've gotten better at and learned are micro-managing, time management and organizing.



[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)
